[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're gonna break bread and family
tradition with the 2008 film the
children let's get to it
we open on shots of some dark dank
creepy woods possibly the place where
children come from a family wagon rolls
through filled with sounds of chattering
ooh british children objectively the
most creepy lady and crew arrive at her
sister Chloe's woodland mansion and all
hop out to say their hellos Polly shows
signs of illness which Lanie attributes
to car sickness inside we get a little
taste to the family dynamic as the
adults have a racy conversation in front
of the kids
Polly wants mommy but she's busy sucking
on a cigarette and so he's forced to
show daddy exactly where he sits in the
pecking order
Casey establishes that there's no
reception out in the boonies and that
there's an ongoing rivalry between her
and Miranda daddy's special princess the
kids play into the evening while a
general uneasy feeling settles in and
Polly spreads his germs around Robby
takes Casey out to reception point which
is like having an outhouse for
cellphones and then everyone settles in
for the night and we see that Polly
seems to be feeling better the next
morning the family has a snowball fight
and enjoys some winter tomfoolery while
Polly composes his masterpiece and Jonah
Ponder's the reasons why his kids hate
him he tries to take a business meeting
with Robbie but they're interrupted by
Pauline making an honest effort to
salvage his enjoyment of the weekend by
serving his dad a tray of hot tea to the
grill so then it's quiet time before
dinner and miranda seems to be somewhat
put off by her cousins and siblings
things get raucous at the dinner table
and we Celia hit the next level of
whatever general malaise has afflicted
the children Chloe calls out Casey's
tattoo symbolic of how she was meant to
be aborted so you know perfect table
fodder
however the subject has quickly changed
when the kids fall apart in unison Chloe
tries to show up her sister by getting
Miranda to eat her Peas
but Miranda promptly shows her what she
can do with her incentive program and
she's not wrong then they all break up
Robbie takes the kids outside while
Miranda is taken upstairs for timeout
Chloe's wounds are tended and Kacie
wanders off to make a phone call with
the blood seal now broken we find just
how violent the unknown virus has made
the pack of children as they load Robbie
up on a sled and send him down the hill
at warp speed and it's all fun and games
until someone gets their neck and face
cultivated the adults lose their minds
in the face of the tragedy and the kids
also go crazy they slice Jonah open
before running off into the woods back
outside we learned that Robbie has
succumbed to his wounds Laney sends Kacy
to search for the kids and she
eventually finds Leah lady tries to come
for her sister and get her back inside
while they wait for the authorities who
are currently tied up and finding the
roads impassable due to their remote
location when Laney goes to cover the
body she finds it missing but the trail
is short she hears laughing in the tent
which has to be a good sign but she's
distracted by Polly crying for mommy she
tries to help but he had definitely
climbs backwards just out of her reach
until she slips resulting in a quick
sharp break - mommy shouldn't bone KC
finds her and barricades them in the
greenhouse before she can explain
anything the kids start stoning the
glass things are made even more
confusing when KC takes appropriate
defensive measures with Polly meanwhile
Chloe finally joins the party
investigates the tent and discovers that
aleeah's been playing with daddy's
insides KC ends up pulling double-duty
trying to protect them both in the chaos
Polly ends up mortally wounded by
Lanie's own hand a devastating outcome
the adults attempt to regroup and figure
out what's gotten into those damn kids
but are blinded by their parental
instincts
Chloe decides this is the perfect time
for a guilt trip and assuming this is a
problem of breeding decides to keep her
distance in the woods she finds evidence
of taught violence in remembering that
KC was the one in the woods with them
quickly fingers her as a culprit this is
all daddy Jonah needs to hear and he
rushes back to the house where KC is
currently trying to check back in with
the police but miranda is playing hide
and seek with the phones trotting around
and giggling like a little freak
meanwhile in the woods Chloe finally
finds her precious children they move in
close to share a hug and tender moment
then they hold her down by her earrings
the cost of being fashionable and stab
her in the eye back at the house case he
found Miranda being naughty with the
family cat and Jonah walks in on her
giving her sister an innocent throat hug
the defilement of his most precious is
more than he could take so he locks KC
in the room and indelicately helps his
wife to the couch
Miranda then says goodbye and they leave
afterward we get resolution on the Chloe
situation she's as dead as we expected
freeing Leah and Nikki
to pursue other interests Casey works to
get out of the room as Lanie tries to
get at the stairs she has him facing the
children down but can't bring herself to
do much more than flaccid leeway of a
poker at them while Lea toys with her
emotions oh you know damn good and well
and she eventually gives up laying there
while the little sickos prepared play
operation intending to insert a stick
baby into her uterus luckily Casey goes
primal busting out and saving her mother
in brutal fashion
although Lea's spared they speed off in
the family wagon bonding over how much
of a nob Dona was before coming upon the
SUV and discovering that he got his then
random intern gets hers now it's just
Casey and Lanie as Casey shows signs of
illness and they get their first
indication that their experiences were
far from isolated and that was the
children the first movie partially
subsidized under the NHS for his
contraceptive properties if you enjoyed
the video I'd love for you to become a
part of the channel by subscribing
thanks for watching